Improve accessibility of traffic lights: replacing 🟢🟠🔴 with JustTheDoc's labels. (#531)
UCL-ARC/python-tooling: docs/pages/benchmarking-profiling.md

| [memory_profiler](https://pypi.org/project/memory-profiler/) | No longer actively maintained. A Python module for monitoring memory consumption of a process alongside line-by-line analysis of memory consumption. Might be a useful alternative to memray if you need to do memory profiling on Windows. | <span class="label label-yellow">Good</span> |

### General/other tools

| Name                                               | Short description                                                                                 |                      🚦                      |
| -------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | :------------------------------------------: |
| [psutil](https://psutil.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) | System monitoring, profiling, limiting process resources and the management of running processes. | <span class="label label-green">Best</span>  |

> | [snakeviz](https://jiffyclub.github.io/snakeviz/)  | Browser based graphical viewer for the output of Python’s cProfile module.                        | <span class="label label-yellow">Good</span> |

Reviewer: `snakeviz` was labelled green previously (rather than orange/yellow) - is this an intended change?

Author: ```suggestion
| [snakeviz](https://jiffyclub.github.io/snakeviz/)  | Browser based graphical viewer for the output of Python’s cProfile module.                        | <span class="label label-green">Best</span> |
```
